docs/node: Refresh Run a node (#757)
oasisprotocol/docs: docs/node/README.mdx

# Run Node

Welcome! This documentation is designed to provide you with a comprehensive
understanding and step-by-step guidance for becoming a node operator within the
Oasis Network.

> Embark on your journey by initiating a node on the Testnet. The Testnet serves

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Embark on your journey by setting up a node on the Testnet. The Testnet serves
```

as an experimental sandbox, offering a safe environment for learning and 
experimentation, free from the risks associated with real token loss.

For any queries or support related to node operation, our team and community
members are readily available on [Discord] to assist you.

[Discord]: https://oasis.io/discord

## Validator and ParaTime nodes

[Oasis Network] consists of the consensus layer and ParaTimes. Consensus and
ParaTime nodes can be operated by anyone.

> To run a **Validator node**, make sure your system meets the [Hardware] and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run a **validator node**, make sure your system meets the [hardware] and the
```

> [System] prerequisites and has [Oasis Node] installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[system] prerequisites and has [Oasis Node] installed.
```

Then proceed by following the [Run a Validator Node] guide to:

* Create your entity.
* Initialize and configure your node.
* Put enough stake in your escrow account.
* Register your entity on the network.

> To run a **ParaTime node** make sure to first set up a Validator node. Then,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run a **ParaTime node** make sure to first set up a validator node. Then,
```

set up a [trusted execution environment (TEE)], if you want to run confidential

> ParaTimes. After that, proceed to the [Run a ParaTime node].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ParaTimes. Afterwards proceed to the [Run a ParaTime node] chapter.
```

:::

[Oasis Network]: ..//general/oasis-network/README.mdx
[Oasis Scan]: https://www.oasisscan.com/validators

> ## DApp developers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## DApp Developers
```
